[Music]
Dyan with access foils again and here to
introduce the fireball so this is coming
in four different sizes right now um the
880 940,000 and 1070 so in my hand is
the Thousand this has sort of been um
probably one of the most favorite ones
uh 773 s CM uh 13 aspects a really high
aspect
um it shares the same foil section as
the 1300 pumping
Glide again it's got really good reflex
out the back a 3.6 uh% camber over the
whole wing and this little wing produces
so much lift that we've actually said to
Riders scale down at least one Wing So
if you've been riding an art Pro of a
similar size you'd scale back one just
because of the new w section and the
high AIC so um as I say these come in
four sizes right now working on three
bigger ones as well so and those would
be good for pumping winging winging
pumping down winding is is the main
focus for these um but yeah the um the
the guys are loving them winging um they
super fast relatively easy to get going
and the endless Glide that they have is
amazing so awesome yeah three bigger
ones after this but um these will be uh
out now so awesome Tommy with Gort board
Sports and WSI 2024